# Project Setup Meeting

- Date: 5/29/25
- Purpose: assign tasks for sprint 3

## Attendees:

- **Present:**
- **Excused:** Nikhil Akiti

## Agenda:

1. Sprint reflection, retrospective
2. Daily stand-up
3. Sprint planning - create issues

## Updates

- First issues will be assigned [here](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues), specs for task are on issues
- Please use PRs linked to the issue, create branch from issue (right sidebar -> Development -> Create a branch)
- Pair programming - one person watches while the other codes, advise each other on what seems like good/bad code

## Action Items (to-do):

- **_EVERYONE_**: To-do standup: drop what you need to get done & by when in the #standups channel.
-

- **Nikhil Akiti:** Finish spread page on [this issue](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/66), do horoscope reading page (pair w/ nikhil) on [this issue](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/82)
- **Angelica Cabusi:** Finish spread page on [this issue](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/66), do horoscope reading page (pair w/ nikhil) on [this issue](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/82)
- **Anthony Georgis:** [Delete stale branches](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/85), then [horoscope.js docs](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/84), then make code fit [HTML Validator](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/87)
- **Tyler Hoang:** Pair program w/ Minjoo to [enhance spread pages](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/90)
- **Aiden Krueger:** Finish [archive page](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/89)
- **Dustin Nguyen:** [Write e2e testing for tarot readings](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/83)
- **Minjoo O:** Pair program w/ Tyler to [enhance spread pages](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/90)
- **Anusha Rao:** Finish [archive page](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/89)
- **Leonard Shi:** [Wrangle dot files](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/86)
- **Ria Singhania:** [Unify CSS styling](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/80) then [finish navbar](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group16/cse110-sp25-group16/issues/67)

## Questions, Concerns, Ideas, Misc.

N/A
